Fixed #34808 -- Documented aggregate default argument in 4.2 docs (#17253)
django/django: docs/topics/db/aggregation.txt

    >>> from django.db.models import Avg, Count
    >>> Book.objects.annotate(num_authors=Count("authors")).aggregate(Avg("num_authors"))
    {'num_authors__avg': 1.66}

Handling empty querysets using aggregate ``default`` 

> ----------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: It might be worth explaining that aggregate functions are simply returning what the database is returning. (I'm pretty sure that is the case someone may correct me.)  This pretty much explains all of the behaviour including counts returning 0.

.. versionadded:: 4.0

> Aggregation functions return ``None`` when used with an empty ``QuerySet``.

Reviewer: Not just empty querysets but empty groups when grouping 👍  (see my comments in the ticket)

Not just for this sentence  but the paragraph need to keep this in mind.

Author: Thanks a lot for the comments friends. I am working on the necessary adjustments.

> The aggregate ``default`` is an optional argument that allows specifying a 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The optional ``default`` argument for aggregate functions allows specifying a 
```

> value to use as a ``default`` value when the ``QuerySet`` has no entries, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value to use as a default value when the ``QuerySet`` has no entries, 
```
Seems like "default value" is referring to the value not the arg 🤔

or when the ``QuerySet`` values are empty. For example, the ``Sum`` aggregation 
function returns ``None`` instead of ``0``, if the ``QuerySet`` or grouping 
contains no entries. An exception is ``Count``, which does return ``0``, if the 
``QuerySet`` or group is empty. Count does not support the ``default`` argument.

For example, say you wanted to get the total price of all books containing "web" in name. 
Without the ``default`` argument, If there are no books returned by the query, and 
there are no values to compute the aggregate ``Sum``, ``None`` is returned as 
the computed aggregate.

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from django.db.models import Sum
    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="Web").aggregate(Sum('price'))
    {'price__sum': None}

However, you can pass ``0`` as a ``default`` to be returned if no books can be found.

> .. code-block:: pycon

Reviewer: Is this meant to be `python`?

Reviewer 2: Nope. This `pycon` is "python console" and these are examples with the `>>>` prompt.

>     >>> from django.db.models import Sum

Reviewer 2: We don't need to import this again here - we already did so above.

    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="Web").aggregate(Sum('price', default=0))
    {'price__sum': Decimal('0')}

> .. admonition:: The aggregate ``default`` argument uses :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Coalesce` under the hood

Reviewer: Just to be clear admonitions are for important notes or warnings where behaviour deviates from the norm.

Since this will be in the current docs for a version of Django that supports `default` we won't need to warn users to use Coalesce instead.

It may be better to just move this up to the top as a helpful note so people understand the query it's performing. (We don't need the coalesce example, that can go).

    >>> from django.db.models import Avg, Count
    >>> Book.objects.annotate(num_authors=Count("authors")).aggregate(Avg("num_authors"))
    {'num_authors__avg': 1.66}

Handling empty querysets using aggregate ``default`` 
----------------------------------------------------

When an aggregate function is used with an empty ``QuerySet`` or grouping,

> None is returned as a default, this is because aggregate functions result 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``None`` is returned as a default. This is because aggregate functions result 
```

> in NULL when used with an empty result set. The optional ``default`` argument 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in ``NULL`` when used with an empty result set. The optional ``default`` argument 
```

for aggregate functions allows specifying a value to use as a default when the 

> executed query returns no rows to perform an aggregation. Some aggregate functions 

Reviewer 2: "...query returns no rows to perform an aggregation."

This ending doesn't make sense. Please rephrase this sentence.

do not support the ``default`` argument because they already handle this, e.g. 
``Count`` returns ``0``.

> For example, say you wanted to get the total price of all books containing 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to get the total price of all books containing 
```

"web" in name. Without the ``default`` argument, if there are no books 
returned by the query, and there are no rows to compute the aggregate 

> ``Sum``, None is returned as the computed aggregate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``Sum``, ``None`` is returned as the computed aggregate.
```

Reviewer 2: Also "...is returned as the computed aggregate." isn't correct - no aggregate is computed at all by the database and it returns ``NULL`` (translated to ``None`` in Python). Please rephrase.

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from django.db.models import Sum

>     >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="Web").aggregate(Sum("price"))

Reviewer 2: In the paragraph above the example you have `"web"` and in the example you have `"Web"` (uppercased first letter).

```suggestion
    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="web").aggregate(Sum("price"))
```

    {"price__sum": None}

However, you can pass ``0`` as a ``default`` to be returned if no books can be found.

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="Web").aggregate(Sum("price", default=0))
    {"price__sum": Decimal("0")}

> You should note that the ``default`` argument uses :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Coalesce` under the hood.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``default`` argument is implemented under the hood by wrapping the
aggregate function with :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Coalesce`.
```
